v1.2 (27.09.15):
Fixes to properly deal with disabling bots that haven't been present for >=2 days (https://github.com/OmegaPhil/kvirc-xdcc-bot-stats-script/issues/5 and another without a ticket).

v1.1 (14.02.15):
The backoff implementation of CTCP status messages when bots weren't present was completely broken - this has now been fixed.
After 2 days of no CTCP status replies, bots are disabled (and therefore never contacted again) - a new dialog has been created to allow reenabling of bots (fixes https://github.com/OmegaPhil/kvirc-xdcc-bot-stats-script/issues/3).

v1 (7.12.14):
!xdccstats and !xdccstatstotal now take an optional space-delimited list of wildcard patterns allowing you to only report on specific bots in the channel (see the documentation).
!xdccstats no longer reports a totals line when only one bot is returned.
This script has been doing its job for long enough now, version 1 reached!

v0.4 (31.03.14):
Invalid dialog.message calls fixed (icon problems).

v0.3 (18.06.13):
Markdown documentation created.
All aliases except for the main one have been moved into the XDCCBotStatsScript namespace, since they aren't user aliases (so shouldn't spam up the normal command namespace).
Send useful message to channel on trigger if no bots are available.
Idle queues are now reported courtesy of dinoex adding this information to iroffer's CTCP status reply (http://iroffer.dinoex.de/issues/171).

v0.2 (15.06.13):
Ability to remove registered XDCC bots via GUI.
Optional automatic authentication of DCC admin chats when the bot's password is configured.
DCC admin chat messages from registered bots can now be optionally 'quietened' so that no nick highlight, notification or flashing events are generated when messages are received.

v0.1 (25.05.13):
GetDynamicXDCCBotStats: Deal with 0 valid bots.
XDCCBotStatsScript: Allow user running this script to skip rank check for XDCC triggers in the channel (previously you needed to be hop+ if set in the channel).
Working status querying delays when bots arent on the server: Previously when a bot wasn't on the server, the code responsible for delaying the next request didnt work, so the non-existant bots would be permanently spammed every 30 seconds.

v0.01 (22.05.13):
Initial public release - Script is now capable of gathering stats from registered bots, processing and making available the data in normal channel and other triggers.
